
## Vim4JS -- Vim for Javascript

A collection of plugins for effective Javascript editing in Vim.

Combines a few other plugins, sometimes with minor tweaks, as well as my own jslint compiler. 

### Requirements

#### [nodelint](https://github.com/tav/nodelint)

##### Installation (after Node.js, and NPM have been installed)

    sudo npm install -g nodelint

#### [vim-nodelint](https://github.com/bigfish/vim-nodelint)

I recommend you use pathogen to install this into your bundle/ directory. Or you can install it manually.

### Contents

#### Filetype settings

In `after/ftplugin/javascript.vim`.

Sets tabwidth to 4, and always expands tabs to spaces. 
Adds a couple of keymaps: 
  
  - Shift + Enter  --> addds semicolon to end of line
  - Ctrl + Shift + Enter --> adds a comma at the end of the line

Also sets the compiler to 'nodelint' (see compiler)

#### compiler/nodelint.vim

Runs nodelint (see requirements) when a Javascript or JSON file is saves, and displays errors
in the quickfix window. (actually, the location list). It will jump to the location of the first error.

##### Configuration Options

In .vimrc:

You can set a global nodelint configuration file, using the g:NodelintConfig option. 

Or it will search up the tree from the current file, and use the first file called 'nodelint-config.js'
that it finds. I have one in my home directory as a catch-all.

Setting g:NodelintPassive = 1 will cause the errors not to show automatically, and it will not jump to the
first error. Then you have to open the location list yourself (and close it yourself.) Hitting enter while
over an error will jump to the error location.

" nodelint
"let g:NodelintConfig = $HOME . '/nodelint-config.js'
"let g:NodelintPassive = 1

